[Jul 31] Add cloud region info (#47)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/cloud-regions.mdx

---
slug: /serverless/regions
title: Serverless regions
description: Index, search, and manage ((es)) data in your preferred language.
tags: ["serverless", "regions", "aws", "cloud"]
---

> A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your deployment is located. Review the available Elastic serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose a one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your deployment is located. Review the available Elastic serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose a one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 
```
```suggestion
A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your project is located. Review the available Elastic Cloud Serverless regions to decide the region to use. If you unsure, choose a region that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 
```

> A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your deployment is located. Review the available Elastic serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose a one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 

Author: ```suggestion
A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your project is located. Review the available Elastic Cloud Serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose a one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 
```

> A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your project is located. Review the available Elastic Cloud Serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose a one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 

Author: ```suggestion
A region is the geographic area where the data center of the cloud provider that hosts your project is located. Review the available Elastic Cloud Serverless regions to decide which region to use. If you aren't sure which region to pick, choose one that is geographically close to you to reduce latency. 
```

> Elastic serverless handles all hosting details for you, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider. The region you select can't be changed after you create a project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastic Cloud Serverless handles all hosting details for you, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider. You are unable to change the region after you create a project. 
```

> Elastic Cloud Serverless handles all hosting details for you, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider. You are unable to change the region after you create a project. 

Reviewer 2: I will just remove this sentence

, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider

> Elastic Cloud Serverless handles all hosting details for you, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider. You are unable to change the region after you create a project. 

Reviewer 2: I will just remove this sentence

, and doesn't require any additional accounts with the underlying cloud provider

<DocCallOut title="Note">

> Currently, only limited Amazon Web Services (AWS) regions are available. More regions for AWS, as well as Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), will be added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, a limited number of Amazon Web Services (AWS) regions are available. More regions for AWS, as well as Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), will be added in the future.
```

</DocCallOut>

## Amazon Web Services (AWS) regions

> The following AWS regions are available:

Reviewer 2: Will mention as:

The following AWS regions are currently available:
